post-merge updates: staking content (#7115)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: src/content/staking/pools/index.md

</ExpandableCard>

<ExpandableCard title="When can I withdraw my stake?">

> Currently, withdrawing funds from an Ethereum validator is not possible, which limits the ability to actually <em>redeem</em> your liquidity token for the ETH rewards locked in the consensus layer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Currently, withdrawing funds from an Ethereum validator is not possible, which limits the ability to actually _redeem_ your liquidity token for the ETH rewards locked in the consensus layer.

```

> Alternatively, pools that utilize an ERC-20 liquidity token allow users to trade this token in the open market, effectively allowing you to "withdraw" without actually removing ETH from the staking contract.

Reviewer 2: Just a thought
```suggestion
Alternatively, pools that utilize an ERC-20 liquidity token allow users to trade this token in the open market, allowing you to sell your staking position, effectively "withdrawing" without actually removing ETH from the staking contract.
```
